I'm bruno tevez guilty dentist
and I am part of the scientific department of angels
dental products industry
the purpose of this video
informed about our milk producer covered by the
repair cement
the burial is a product of the recent zoo
in the world market since 1998
and in Brazil since 2001
was the second company in the world to manufacture
and to this day is one of the few that makes it
considered a material of choice for adverse situations being one day
the inter-ar guarantee a highly favorable prognosis
for bishop secret diplomatic communications
the extraordinary success of the first treatments with the
encouraged the increase in their indications, many of them
different from those proposed when it was first used
the acronym and win
represents the worst phase of the terminal the delegate
the constituents are three votes
this aluminum carousel
exist
while driving or ipea
if you use extremely high raw materials
this encounter with the river ave the presence of contaminants
mainly of the metals with the bottom so explained
the concentration of these metals
is regulated by anvisa
National Health Surveillance Agency
and in medicines
shall not exceed 2 ppm
two parts per million
how they are toxic to the body
it is essential that this limit be respected in order to guarantee the
quality of the cement and it can be used
Another important feature of the inité covered is the diminutive size
of their matches
always less than 10 kilometers
they should be this size
to be thoroughly treated during mixing with distilled water of the
product after having been there of what is applied
present its excellent properties
for growth in 20 years
you already pay for the duck add the pocket of one of them dead
without fear of error was firstly indicated for carnival piercings
of theft
due to its unparalleled ability to recover tissues at these sites
the current indications are more comprehensive eg
for cases where the solution can cure internal pricing abhisit said
resurfacing father
olive tree is not indicated
the material of the coach of carnival due to its little outflow
should also not be used in direct contact with the rural environment because in this
situation
can have his jail sentence appropriate
who especially earn the dental materials
is the only one capable of promoting better training in the segment
and a truly biological barrier at the sites of application
the locality makes it impossible to grow
and to the survival of microorganisms on their surface their capacity
is superior to that of muscle and argentina
being easily identified invaded my daughters has resistance to
compression ratio than cements out of composite restorative risk
by the day 5 that the newspaper
the envoy of god has an important advantage over other products
finals on the board
press time
the English light immigrant completely in 15 minutes
while other internees
in times of crisis of two and a half hours more
the mixture of the bury with distilled water
is made with a sterilized glass door spatula
the content of a website
must be mixed
one of distilled water
the nation statue must be made for 30 seconds
consistency of the cement after the expatriation was our
resembling to love the most indicated
the MP and in fact of being applied to carry out a surgery
depending on the application region
instruments as cause of fact can be used
withdraw
because it is a product with very specific properties
needs some care
the particles of mte artisan with highly doubts
the bottle to be kept open expect as short a time as possible
to incorporate ambient humidity
packaging did not find this problem after mixing
mp had been used immediately
the water mirror for a customer
if proven by year
in cases requiring a longer application time
it is recommended to strictly comply with the mixture on the glass plate with the case
under study
not to be used in place and at night
because an mba can drain to local hard-to-remove locations in contact with
friend are not indicated for home use
dental piercings in the digital southern river
when the product does not take hold amid the oral fluids
regions with chronic inflammation
must be treated with calcium hydroxide paste
before the application of VAT
to ground the area is neutralized
must remember
that the repairman henrique avancini
and should not be used as the collector
because in cases of treatment with removal it would be extremely difficult
I hope the information says david
we have enlightening to encourage them to use the semen of the repairer
immediately